Update README (#19)
nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter: README.md

### Troubleshooting

The exporter logs errors to the standard output. When using Docker, if the exporter doesn’t work as expected, check its logs using [docker logs](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/logs/) command.

## Releases

> For each release, we publish the corresponding Docker image at `nginx/nginx-prometheus-exporter` [DockerHub repo](https://hub.docker.com/r/nginx/nginx-prometheus-exporter/) and the binaries. See the GitHub [releases page](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter/releases) for the list of all releases along with the binaries and the [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for the changelog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each release, we publish the corresponding Docker image at `nginx/nginx-prometheus-exporter` [DockerHub repo](https://hub.docker.com/r/nginx/nginx-prometheus-exporter/) and the binaries on the GitHub [releases page](https://github.com/nginxinc/nginx-prometheus-exporter/releases). The release page also includes the list of all previous releases along with the corresponding binaries and a [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md) for the changelog.
```
